Project Description & Methodology (For the Teacher)
This project is a desktop application for Radsport Koch GmbH, developed in Python.

The primary goal was to design a graphical user interface (GUI) that is both highly functional and visually appealing. For the implementation, I specifically chose the CustomTkinter library. Unlike standard Tkinter, CustomTkinter provides a modern look and feel, featuring rounded corners and native support for both Dark and Light modes, which significantly enhances the overall User Experience (UX).

My Step-by-Step Approach:

Project Setup & Isolation: Initially, there were challenges regarding global Python installations on macOS (System Python vs. Project Python). I resolved this by properly configuring a virtual environment (.venv) within the IDE (PyCharm). This ensures that all dependencies are safely isolated.

UI/UX Design: The graphical interface was built iteratively. Elements such as buttons and input fields were logically arranged to make the workflow for the bicycle shop as intuitive as possible.

Logic Implementation: Connecting the visual interface elements with the underlying Python logic inside the Radsport_Koch_fertig.py script.

Deployment: To make the application easy to share and evaluate, the final code and necessary resources were packaged into a .zip archive and published via GitHub Releases.

Installation & Usage
To run the application smoothly, please follow these steps:

Download: Download the .zip file from the GitHub repository and extract it to a preferred location on your computer.

Check Prerequisites: Ensure that Python 3 is installed on your system.

Install Dependencies: Open a terminal (or command prompt) inside the extracted folder and install the required external library using the following command:

Bash
pip install customtkinter
(Note for Mac/Linux users: If pip is not recognized, please use pip3)

Run the Application: Execute the main script to start the app:

Bash
python Radsport_Koch_fertig.py
(Note for Mac/Linux users: You might need to use python3 instead)
"""
